NDA Checklist
1. We can share Evaluation Material with financing sources
2. Evaluation Material does not include information given to us by a source not known by us to be bound by confidentiality
3. Return or destroy at our option Materials only at written request (not if we decide not to pursue)
4. We will give confirmation of destruction of materials only if so requested in writing
5. Not responsible for errors in Evaluation Material except as agreed to in definitive documentation / agreement of a transaction
6. 2 Year Term, with full expiration of all obligations thereafter

Prevailing Party Litigation Language: In the event of litigation relating to this Agreement in a court of competent
jurisdiction, the non-prevailing party shall reimburse the prevailing party its reasonable legal fees incurred in
connection with such litigation.

Employee Non-Solicit Language: Notwithstanding the foregoing, general solicitations for employment (including
the use of employment agencies or search firms not directed to target the Company or any of the Company’s
employees) conducted by you or on your behalf and the hiring of individuals who respond to such general
solicitations for employment or contact you or your Representatives on his or her own volition, shall not constitute a
violation of this agreement.

Non-Compete Language: The Company recognizes that you or your Representatives may be or may become
engaged in the research, development, production, marketing and sale of services or products similar to the
Company’s and that these services or products may be competitive with those of the Company and may display the
same or similar functionality. Therefore, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent you, your officers,
your employees or your Representatives from engaging independently in such activities now or in the future.
OR
It is expressly understood and agreed that nothing herein shall be deemed to limit or prevent in any manner the
investment or consideration for investment by Long Point Capital, Inc. or any of its affiliates in any entity (“Other
Entity”) which is engaged in the same or related fields of business as that engaged (or proposed to be engaged) in by
the Company, regardless of whether Long Point Capital, Inc. makes an investment in the Company, and that the
entry into a transaction between Long Point, Inc. and any Other Entity, now or in the future, will not violate any
non-circumvention or other similar terms in this agreement, per se; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, all the
obligations of Long Point, Inc. and Your Representatives shall continue as provided in this agreement.
OR
The Company further recognizes that Buyer, as an investment firm, considers, makes, and has made investments in a
variety of markets and that Buyer's participation in the evaluation of the Company for an investment may enhance
Buyer's understanding of the markets in which the Company may now, or in the future, compete and that such
further understanding will not, in and of itself, be considered a violation of this agreement.

Retention of Evaluation Material Language: Notwithstanding the foregoing, you and your Representatives shall
(i) be permitted to retain copies of the Evaluation Material for the purpose of complying with applicable law,
regulatory authority or internal recordkeeping procedure and (ii) not be required to destroy, delete, or modify any
backup tapes or other media made pursuant to automated archival processes in the ordinary course of business.